those little elves might have their
magic tree but behind these pink and
green windows lies a factory that makes
the most incredible cakes it's we take
the cake calm so today I'm going to take
you on a behind-the-scenes tour we take
the cake under the frosting if you will
let's begin with this cooler they keep
all the ingredients and when I say all
the ingredients I mean all natural
ingredients okay all of it for one thing
is absolutely kosher all right so you
don't have the hell left the door open
hey hey not everything behind the scenes
in the bakery is glamorous but they are
necessary like this industrial strength
sink everything has to be nice and clean
before we start baking was this thing is
like a microphone danke Schoen dolphin
which taking a look at right now is
where all the batter is mixed I'm going
to turn this thing on and inside this
great big old bowl is actually over 200
pounds of vanilla cake mix which will
wind up making 700 cupcakes my fantasy
does anybody have a spoon nothing like
looking a little better off the beers
Jeffrey
here we go 11 there
put them in the other and now wait a
minute think my hair nets still on I
think I think my hair net fell off
Oh cupcakes are done I'm you get them
out of the oven oh look at this can you
say perfection now when decorating the
cupcakes most people like the good
old-fashioned chocolate it's awfully
tempting when you work in a bakery to
sample the products but we have to do
our jobs here and be professional and
did I mention that all of the
ingredients are always fresh and
delicious they tell me it's really good
bye-bye face good all right Oh almost
lost a thumb on that one off you go mr.
fedex mad and be careful pet some pretty
special cargo you're carrying their
remember for all your special occasion
cakes corporate gifts or anytime you
need a delicious bite just call one
eight eight eight nine oh one 2253 or
WWE take the cake calm